---
title: Welcome
date: 2025-08-06 12:00:00 -500
categories: [misc]
tags: []
---

Welcome to my blog, Tech Deck. Here I will share what I'm working on.

Currently I am working on my [Homelab]({% post_url 2025-08-07-homelab %}), looking to self-host more things, as well as building out a large network to cover a working farm so that there is surveillance and monitoring across the property.

## Pssst... You wanna know how I set this whole thing up?

It took me less than an hour.

**Prequisites:**

1. Have a domain, mine is with Cloudflare
2. Have a basic proficiency of Git, CLI, DNS
  

**Steps:**

1. Fork the [Chirpy Theme](https://github.com/cotes2020/chirpy-starter)
2. Follow the [Install Guide](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/installation/)
3. Clone the Git from GitHub to your local machine
4. Check that everything works and build the site on your local machine
5. Once that works, make some edits to the _config.yml
6. Build out a new GitHub worker so that the site builds successfully, as GitHub currently builds out on the old version of Jekyll (3.9.4) but you are using version 4.3
7. Commit changes, push the GitHub
8. Go into the Repo Settings -> Pages and under "Build and deployment" section, change the "Source" from Deploy from a branch to GitHub Actions. Click Save
9. Now that should build out the site on "username.github.io" but you don't want that, you want something cleaner and more personalised.
10. So you go and add your custom domain name to the GitHub settings
11. For your DNS provider (in my case Cloudflare), you need to update the A and AAAA records to the ones that GitHub gives you, you can then validate these by running DIG in the CLI.
12. Verify!
